docs: add new audit log docs (#1847)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/how-to-guides/advanced-user-guides/enable-api-audit-log.md

All configured audit log policies are additive.

> Redaction policies for headers use a regex engine to redact headers, while a JsonPath engine is used to redact request/response headers.

Reviewer: we'll probably want to expand upon the JSONPath here. At the least we can provide a link to https://goessner.net/articles/JsonPath/ and mention that our engine does not support the script or filter expressions.

### Metadata Level

> If you set your `AUDIT_LEVEL` to `0`, Rancher logs the metadata header for every API request, but neither the body nor the request/response headers. The metadata provides basic information about the API transaction, such as the transaction's ID, who initiated the transaction, the time it occurred, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you set your `AUDIT_LEVEL` to `0`, Rancher logs the metadata header for every API request, but neither the body nor the request and response headers. The metadata provides basic information about the API transaction, such as the transaction ID, the initiator of the transaction, the time it occurred, etc. 
```

```json
{
    "auditID": "40bd4e40-875b-4020-933e-4c4f4c4db366",
    "requestURI": "/v3/schemas",
    "user": {
        "name": "user-6j5s6",
        "group": [
            "system:authenticated",
            "system:cattle:authenticated"
        ],
        "extra": {
            "principalid": [
                "local://user-6j5s6"
            ],
            "requesthost": [
                "localhost:8443"
            ],
            "requesttokenid": [
                "token-zs42h"
            ],
            "username": [
                "admin"
            ]
        }
    },
    "method": "GET",
    "remoteAddr": "127.0.0.1:58652",
    "responseCode": 200,
    "requestTimestamp": "2025-06-30T11:13:25-04:00",
    "responseTimestamp": "2025-06-30T11:13:25-04:00"
}
```

### Metadata and headers level

> If you set your `AUDIT_LEVEL` to `1`, Rancher logs the metadata, and request/response headers for every API request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you set your `AUDIT_LEVEL` to `1`, Rancher logs the metadata and the request and response headers for every API request.
```

            "keep-alive"
        ],
        "Cookie": [
            "[redacted]"
        ],
        "Referer": [
            "https://localhost:8443/dashboard/c/local/explorer/apps.deployment"
        ],
        "Sec-Fetch-Dest": [
            "empty"
        ],
        "Sec-Fetch-Mode": [
            "cors"
        ],
        "Sec-Fetch-Site": [
            "same-origin"
        ],
        "User-Agent": [
            "Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:140.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/140.0"
        ],
        "X-Api-Csrf": [
            "fccc690cab7b0c169b3fc6527edadef3"
        ]
    },
    "responseHeader": {
        "Cache-Control": [
            "no-cache, no-store, must-revalidate"
        ],
        "Content-Encoding": [
            "gzip"
        ],
        "Content-Type": [
            "application/json"
        ],
        "Expires": [
            "Wed 24 Feb 1982 18:42:00 GMT"
        ],
        "X-Api-Cattle-Auth": [
            "true"
        ],
        "X-Api-Schemas": [
            "https://localhost:8443/v1/schemas"
        ],
        "X-Content-Type-Options": [
            "nosniff"
        ]
    }
}
```

### Metadata, headers and  Request Body Level

> If you set your `AUDIT_LEVEL` to `2`, Rancher logs the metadata, request/response headers and request body for every API request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you set your `AUDIT_LEVEL` to `2`, Rancher logs the metadata, the request and response headers and the request body for every API request.
```

            "same-origin"
        ],
        "User-Agent": [
            "Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:140.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/140.0"
        ],
        "X-Api-Csrf": [
            "fccc690cab7b0c169b3fc6527edadef3"
        ]
    },
    "responseHeader": {
        "Cache-Control": [
            "no-cache, no-store, must-revalidate"
        ],
        "Content-Encoding": [
            "gzip"
        ],
        "Content-Type": [
            "application/json"
        ],
        "Expires": [
            "Wed 24 Feb 1982 18:42:00 GMT"
        ],
        "X-Api-Cattle-Auth": [
            "true"
        ],
        "X-Api-Schemas": [
            "https://localhost:8443/v3/project/schemas"
        ],
        "X-Content-Type-Options": [
            "nosniff"
        ]
    },
    "requestBody": {
        "annotations": {},
        "clusterId": "local",
        "containerDefaultResourceLimit": {},
        "creatorId": "local://user-6j5s6",
        "labels": {},
        "name": "example-project",
        "namespaceDefaultResourceQuota": {},
        "resourceQuota": {},
        "type": "project"
    }
}
```

### Metadata, Headers, Request Body and Response Body Level

> If you set your `AUDIT_LEVEL` to `3`, Rancher logs the metadata, request/response headers, request body and request reponse.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you set your `AUDIT_LEVEL` to `3`, Rancher logs the metadata, request and response headers and request body and response.
```
